找到 55 个特殊案例
================================================================================
样本 23:
问题: Taylor gave help to a friend who was having trouble keeping up with their bills. What will their friend want to do next?
正确答案: thank Taylor for the generosity
您的预测: thank Taylor for the generosity
Baseline预测: help the friend find a higher paying job
Llama预测: help the friend find a higher paying job

样本 26:
问题: Taylor taught math in the schools after studying to be a teacher for four years. What does Taylor need to do before this?
正确答案: get a certificate
您的预测: get a certificate
Baseline预测: work in a school
Llama预测: work in a school

样本 136:
问题: Jordan shared their experience with the party. He lost 3 levels doing so. What will happen to his party members?
正确答案: be disappointed
您的预测: be disappointed
Baseline预测: likely gain a level
Llama预测: likely gain a level

样本 278:
问题: Robin took the Math test at face value because it was based on logic. How would Robin feel afterwards?
正确答案: smart
您的预测: smart
Baseline预测: unprepared
Llama预测: unprepared

样本 296:
问题: Carson was wrongfully convicted for a crime. Taylor proved Carson's point last night and the judge agreed. What will happen to Carson?
正确答案: be released
您的预测: be released
Baseline预测: be rewarded
Llama预测: be rewarded

样本 401:
问题: While everyone else stood around trying to figure out the instructions by themselves, Taylor gave help to a friend and they completed the task first. How would the others feel as a result?
正确答案: jealous that they didn't help all of them
您的预测: jealous that they didn't help all of them
Baseline预测: intrigued that they didn't tell all of them
Llama预测: intrigued that they didn't tell all of them

样本 476:
问题: Sasha spent Austin's time trying to get them to agree to a purchase that they didn't want. What will Austin want to do next?
正确答案: decline the purchase
您的预测: decline the purchase
Baseline预测: continue talking to Sasha
Llama预测: continue talking to Sasha

样本 528:
问题: Robin walked the same route to school with Jan's friends. What will happen to Robin?
正确答案: get to know Jan's friends
您的预测: get to know Jan's friends
Baseline预测: be bullied by Jan's friends
Llama预测: be bullied by Jan's friends

样本 529:
问题: Robin went with Jan's friends to the school carnival. What will Robin want to do next?
正确答案: ride all of the rides
您的预测: ride all of the rides
Baseline预测: stay home and study
Llama预测: stay home and study

样本 630:
问题: Robin proposed another idea and suggested going to the movies. Why did Robin do this?
正确答案: do what she wanted
您的预测: do what she wanted
Baseline预测: follow the crowd
Llama预测: consider the options before this

样本 640:
问题: Jesse made judgments upon Lee without really knowing him at all. How would you describe Jesse?
正确答案: unaware
您的预测: unaware
Baseline预测: caring
Llama预测: caring

样本 678:
问题: Robin told Carson that they needed some help with moving to a new home. What will Carson want to do next?
正确答案: borrow boxes
您的预测: borrow boxes
Baseline预测: buy a cat
Llama预测: buy a cat

样本 682:
问题: kai was overweight so he decided to spend several hours exercising. How would Kai feel afterwards?
正确答案: competent
您的预测: competent
Baseline预测: incompetent
Llama预测: incompetent

样本 704:
问题: robin changed aubrey's clothes before the recital even though it made them late for a meeting at work. What will happen to Robin?
正确答案: get in trouble
您的预测: get in trouble
Baseline预测: have the proper clothes for the recital
Llama预测: have the proper clothes for the recital

样本 713:
问题: Carson was at a friend's house playing video games when the others discussed being hungry for pizza. What will Others want to do next?
正确答案: get a pizza next
您的预测: get a pizza next
Baseline预测: play more video games next
Llama预测: play more video games next

样本 716:
问题: Sydney was a helpful, so she asked her mother for her Brother ash is he could have one more piece of pie. What will happen to Ash?
正确答案: be told no
您的预测: be told no
Baseline预测: be punished
Llama预测: get some asparagus

样本 723:
问题: Casey came home from work, took out the chicken and put it into the oven. Why did Casey do this?
正确答案: make dinner
您的预测: make dinner
Baseline预测: satisfy their thirst
Llama预测: satisfy their thirst

样本 749:
问题: robin found the answer to her homework online. What will Robin want to do next?
正确答案: get a good grade
您的预测: get a good grade
Baseline预测: fail the homework
Llama预测: turn on the computer

样本 794:
问题: Addison was at the carnival and stopped at a game. Addison threw a pie on the character to win. What does Addison need to do before this?
正确答案: needed to pay money
您的预测: needed to pay money
Baseline预测: win the game and collect a prize
Llama预测: win the game and collect a prize

样本 829:
问题: Sasha's sister had a headache.  Therefore, they gave their sister some pills. Why did Sasha do this?
正确答案: be a responsible big sister
您的预测: be a responsible big sister
Baseline预测: they need to know something about it
Llama预测: they need to know something about it

样本 866:
问题: Taylor gave help to a friend who was having trouble keeping up with their bills. What will their friend want to do next?
正确答案: thank Taylor for the generosity
您的预测: thank Taylor for the generosity
Baseline预测: help the friend find a higher paying job
Llama预测: help the friend find a higher paying job

样本 894:
问题: Riley began to hurt inside and decided to call the doctor. What will Riley want to do next?
正确答案: get medical advice
您的预测: get medical advice
Baseline预测: eat something
Llama预测: eat something

样本 930:
问题: Taylor taught math in the schools after studying to be a teacher for four years. What does Taylor need to do before this?
正确答案: get a certificate
您的预测: get a certificate
Baseline预测: work in a school
Llama预测: work in a school

样本 963:
问题: Lee challenged Rob to a fight after school for hitting on his girlfriend. What will Rob want to do next?
正确答案: talk it over
您的预测: talk it over
Baseline预测: defend his girlfriend
Llama预测: defend his girlfriend

样本 1046:
问题: Quinn knew Ash well enough to know that they never would commit such a terrible crime. How would Quinn feel afterwards?
正确答案: intelligent
您的预测: intelligent
Baseline预测: not guilty
Llama预测: not guilty

样本 1055:
问题: tracy brought the kids to the party and everyone found the kids to be annoying. What will Others want to do next?
正确答案: go somewhere else
您的预测: go somewhere else
Baseline预测: include the kids
Llama预测: go to the party

样本 1056:
问题: Riley knew she could not beat Kendall, but she had no alternative, so she fought Kendall in a battle. What will happen to Riley?
正确答案: suffer a loss
您的预测: suffer a loss
Baseline预测: remain unbeaten
Llama预测: get a trophy for winning the boxing match

样本 1089:
问题: Ash bought clothes for his new year at school. What does Ash need to do before this?
正确答案: go to the store
您的预测: go to the store
Baseline预测: organize his clothes for each day of the week
Llama预测: remove the tags from the clothes

样本 1104:
问题: Addison was feeling sick and in pain and Sydney saw that. How will Addison feel about Sydney?
正确答案: thank Sydney for helping them
您的预测: thank Sydney for helping them
Baseline预测: walk away from Sydney
Llama预测: walk away from Sydney

样本 1122:
问题: Jan visisted home for Christmas after finding out that their grandfather had died. What does Jan need to do before this?
正确答案: needed to book a plane ticket
您的预测: needed to book a plane ticket
Baseline预测: needed to tell her family she wasn't coming home
Llama预测: needed to tell her family she wasn't coming home

样本 1150:
问题: Riley sold Sydney's painting for a lot of money to the bidder at the weekend auction. What will Sydney want to do next?
正确答案: get her money
您的预测: get her money
Baseline预测: paint the painting
Llama预测: paint the painting

样本 1170:
问题: Casey was the main actor in Jordan book,Jordan mentioned him in chapter one to make aware her to the reader. Why did Jordan do this?
正确答案: make his story intresting
您的预测: make his story intresting
Baseline预测: tell Cameron about the story
Llama预测: eliminate the actor

样本 1173:
问题: Alex had a great time on a date with Taylor last night. What will Alex want to do next?
正确答案: call Taylor
您的预测: call Taylor
Baseline预测: meet new people
Llama预测: meet new people

样本 1227:
问题: Addison had been practicing for the driver's exam for months. He finally felt he was ready, so he signed up and took the test. How would you describe Addison?
正确答案: Devoted
您的预测: Devoted
Baseline预测: excited
Llama预测: excited

样本 1270:
问题: Remy prevented the enemies from engaging with her troops in the battle. Why did Remy do this?
正确答案: protect them
您的预测: protect them
Baseline预测: needed to find out where the enemies were
Llama预测: needed to find out where the enemies were

样本 1271:
问题: Kendall snatched her journal away from her little sister. What will Kendall want to do next?
正确答案: hide the journal
您的预测: hide the journal
Baseline预测: snatch it back
Llama预测: snatch it back

样本 1307:
问题: The teacher gave Kendall's class a quiz. Kendall knew everything that was asked. How would Kendall feel afterwards?
正确答案: pleased
您的预测: pleased
Baseline预测: anxious
Llama预测: anxious

样本 1365:
问题: Jordan wanted to move out so they got their own house. Why did Jordan do this?
正确答案: be independent
您的预测: be independent
Baseline预测: save up money to afford it
Llama预测: save up money to afford it

样本 1393:
问题: sydney was a dramatic person so she made a mountain out of a molehill. How would Others feel as a result?
正确答案: as annoyed
您的预测: as annoyed
Baseline预测: like the only person who cared
Llama预测: like the only person who cared

样本 1434:
问题: Lee took a fertitlity pill, it worked too well and caused an unexpected event to occur. What does Lee need to do before this?
正确答案: Buy baby supplies
您的预测: Buy baby supplies
Baseline预测: Quit her job
Llama预测: Quit her job

样本 1497:
问题: Austin gave the reader Lee an idea because he wanted to help out. How would Lee feel as a result?
正确答案: are nice
您的预测: are nice
Baseline预测: are bad
Llama预测: are bad

样本 1500:
问题: Bailey asked Alex to send them the pdf for the school project but Alex never did. What will happen to Bailey?
正确答案: blame Alex
您的预测: blame Alex
Baseline预测: lash out at Alex
Llama预测: lash out at Alex

样本 1510:
问题: Although Aubrey was older and stronger, they lost to Alex in arm wrestling. How would Alex feel as a result?
正确答案: Boastful
您的预测: Boastful
Baseline预测: Ashamed
Llama预测: Ashamed

样本 1546:
问题: Quinn said a word to Casey that made him feel a lot better. What will Quinn want to do next?
正确答案: continue talking to Casey
您的预测: continue talking to Casey
Baseline预测: learn about Casey's predicament
Llama预测: learn about Casey's predicament

样本 1639:
问题: Sasha got revenge on her friends because of the earlier prank. Why did Sasha do this?
正确答案: get them back
您的预测: get them back
Baseline预测: take the prank with no recourse
Llama预测: take the prank with no recourse

样本 1677:
问题: Kai practiced her dance routine for months on end. How would you describe Kai?
正确答案: she was Enduring
您的预测: she was Enduring
Baseline预测: she had no motivation
Llama预测: she had no motivation

样本 1686:
问题: Austin sat on Bailey's lap and fell asleep after being up all night. How would Bailey feel as a result?
正确答案: comforting as a result
您的预测: comforting as a result
Baseline预测: depressed as a result
Llama预测: depressed as a result

样本 1702:
问题: Robin's house was scheduled to be demolished. Jesse set Robin's house on fire. How would you describe Jesse?
正确答案: risky
您的预测: risky
Baseline预测: conservative
Llama预测: conservative

样本 1753:
问题: Jesse was in a rut at work, so he started working harder to improve his condition. Why did Jesse do this?
正确答案: get a promotion
您的预测: get a promotion
Baseline预测: Work longer hours
Llama预测: Work longer hours

样本 1755:
问题: Kai grabbed Carson's tools for him when Carson forgot them at work. How would Kai feel afterwards?
正确答案: thoughtful
您的预测: thoughtful
Baseline预测: relieved that their tools have not been left behind
Llama预测: relieved that their tools have not been left behind

样本 1829:
问题: Robin's boyfriend got on one knee to propose. Robin held their breath. How would Robin feel afterwards?
正确答案: excited that they are getting engaged
您的预测: excited that they are getting engaged
Baseline预测: anxious
Llama预测: disappointed in the boyfriend's actions

样本 1882:
问题: Casey called Aubrey's parents and wanted to find out information on Aubrey's birthday. What will Casey want to do next?
正确答案: throw Aubrey a party
您的预测: throw Aubrey a party
Baseline预测: want revenge on Aubrey's parents
Llama预测: want revenge on Aubrey's parents

样本 1905:
问题: Jesse said something mean to Riley and Riley regarded them with hurtful eyes. What will Riley want to do next?
正确答案: Get an apology
您的预测: Get an apology
Baseline预测: going to apologize
Llama预测: going to be remorseful

样本 1933:
问题: Aubrey understood Remy better and better the more they spent time together. What will happen to Aubrey?
正确答案: become good friends with Aubrey
您的预测: become good friends with Aubrey
Baseline预测: want to be romantic with Remy
Llama预测: want to be romantic with Remy

样本 1944:
问题: Sydney wanted to celebrate the holiday with friends, so Sydney had a Christmas party. How would Sydney feel afterwards?
正确答案: friendly and outgoing
您的预测: friendly and outgoing
Baseline预测: annoyed
Llama预测: tired from being a host

